Polygon hate it. Fantastic news.

I hate to "reviewer" shame, but they state:

"Unfortunately, no matter how good they look, each of the game’s dozens of levels feels more or less the same to play, just with different combinations of floating platforms, enemies, and endless pits for Crash to jump over."

Isn't that literally every platformer.

[deleted]

I fucking loved Doom Eternal. After initial teething pains adapting to the way it wants you to play, it ended up being my all time favourite FPS. It was extremely difficult at first on Ultra Violence because I kept trying to play it like a "normal" FPS but once you understand how it wants you to manage your fights, it ends up being amazing.

Can you elaborate on how it's a different FPS experience? Considering buying it.

Doom has always wanted to keep you going, encouraging you to always be on the move killing something. Eternal keeps that going by adding different mechanics like the chainsawing lower teir enemies to get ammo, or using a flame thrower on them to get armor, using the meat hook to grapple to a enemy and fly into their face, the added story wasn't really needed but its still has amazing gameplay. If you have xbox game pass, it was just adder to that service.

What /u/Annukak1 said, I read a review or a dev statement once that basically said every big fight is like a game of chess and it's sort of true in a general sense. I kept dying because I kept rushing into every fight and trying to mow down enemies, the game is deliberately made so that is essentially impossible. You are always low on health, armour and ammo and the game expects you to be managing them by using the specific tools you have at your disposal while you're still being attacked by loads of demons. Chainsaw for ammo, flame belch for armour, glory kill for health. But then on top of that every high tier enemy has specific strengths and weaknesses you need to adapt to, and the game will use some of them to its advantage later on to force you to focus on those enemies while avoiding others.

There is a shitload more going on that it might seem from watching gameplay. There is genuine strategy and some areas like slayer gates throw so much at you that it overwhelms you and you're extremely close to death and you can't stop to think or figure out what to do, you just have to keep moving to get some respite. I'm not gonna lie, early on it can feel a little restrictive. But it starts to "click" a few levels in and it becomes an awesome experience, genuinely.

This is how we get stuff like Big the Cat in Sonic Adventure. Adding variety for the sake of variety is not a good thing. And Crash 4 has enough variety as it is with the different characters.

Exactly. Crash 3 tried to hard to differentiate itself with all the vehicle levels which (mostly) suck.

Unfortunately, no matter how good a game looks, it still only uses the four buttons: cross, triangle, circle, square.

That statement kinda describes life

Sounds fun!

Imagine being upset because the game plays like Crash Bandicoot.

Polygon gave the trilogy a 6 :p

whoa so they're just morons

Or they're allowed to give the rating they want

obviously they are, they did, but that game was better than a 6 sorry

What's wrong with Polygon not absolutely loving the game?

I got their review in my Google feed (It's why I came to this thread actually) and I didn't know Polygon hate was a thing so I read it starting off worried, but as I got further into it I kept disagreeing with statements the author made thinking "That sounds like a good classic platformer should be" and then I got to this:

&gt;*Crash 3*, for all its fun moments and great design, is a fundamentally unfriendly game. It is still good, in part because it was working within the limited powers of the PlayStation 1. Where *Crash 4* goes wrong is in mistaking that old-game unfriendliness for an important feature.

I literally want this game to be a modernised sequel to Warped. If the Polygon's chief complaint is that it's too much like Warped, that sounds perfect to me. I can't wait.

The reason for the lower score is because the reviewer doesn't like it, which can be disagreed with but it's also a good review in the sense that the author's criticisms have informed you in a way that you can tell the game will be enjoyable.

Well really, it's harder than warped, which I love. Warped was too easy. When this reviewer says Warped is such a hard game, he's so wrong. It's an easy game. The first 2 games are harder, the first is the hardest (Well it was the hardest haha). 4 is great if you liked the challenge of the first 2 and the nice  cartoony worlds of warped I would say.

Oof. What the hell does, "...Bring Crash to the present," mean?

They have no idea either.

Make it easy?

Polygon lost any kind of credibility from me since they gave 7.5 to The Last of Us, I wouldn’t even consider them.

Even better was the video of them playing Doom 2016

I'd give TLOU around the same score honestly, story was great but the gameplay was pretty bad. Uncharted is my 2nd favourite series so obviously I love the gameplay there, and the first few hours of TLOU 2 I played made it so much better just for the gameplay enhancements.

I get it if some might not like the gameplay but it doesn’t make it bad, just different.
Especially if you like Uncharted, going to TLOU is just so much different having a slower pace in every side of the gameplay, but giving it the same score as a mediocre game is just crazy.

7.5 is a good score.

At the end of the day each review is only a subjective view of any game I suppose

Maybe I'm remembering it wrong, but wasn't the "games journalist" who had a tough time in the Cuphead tutorial a Polygon writer? Either way, Polygon is just a gaming edition of Buzzfeed

The guy that reviewed it literally never reviews platformers

I’m almost about to cry. Crash is back, baby.

I'm so hype to buy it now. I always like to wait for reviews and hot damn this is great! 12 hours yo!

I first came onto this sub in mid June 2016 after the remake news to (unsurprisingly) find a completely dead sub with a few posts here and there about the recently announced remakes. I cannot believe over four years later we’re a day away from the long awaited sequel that’s a critical (and likely commercial) success. Not only that, but the sub is busy with fans both old and new. To see how far he’s come since being dead in 2015 I’m honestly just so ecstatic about it, to think kid me is finally getting the sequel I always dreamed of. And at 23 years old it’s finally real!

As a 25 year old I understand how you feel. The original trilogy on the PS1 were some of my favourite games and I have so many good memories playing with my siblings and finding out the secret stages. Seeing this sub be reinvigorated brings such a big smile on my face, even if I won't get to play the game for a little while longer.

It’s a wonderful thing. It seems like there’s plenty of secrets to discover in the new one too. Hope you don’t have to wait too long to play it!

Did you play fresh from inside the womb? Came out in 96...

I mean a lot of people probably didn’t play it exactly when it came out. I didn’t play them until the early 00s because we didn’t have a ton of money and I was born in 97

I was born 93 and didn't play until the early 2000's. Mainly since it was my older sister's Playstation

Same here basically. I got my PS1 in 2000 roughly so I played Crash when I was around 8-9 a couple years later.

That makes sense. It always just looks/sounds odd now that I’m “old” and see people in their 20’s be like ‘back when’ ✌️✌️

I'm done with Reddit and have decided to move on to the fediverse.

Interested? 
Check out: https://join-lemmy.org/docs/users/01-getting-started.html to get started.

I'm 27 and weird how Crash went downhill in reputation and always wanted him to got back to his glory days. Now we have that.

I’m 23 as well, played all the Crash games. And I can honestly tell you Crash 4 is fucking amazing. The satisfaction from unlocking skins, visual effects, music, the 3D perspective variety in levels, all the content...

People who criticise it for being too ‘Crash’ or too ‘90s’ - leave them. They don’t get it and never will.

I’m sure you already have, but if not, buy it. That’s not a request, that’s a demand :D

IGN’s review made it seem like it would get a 9.2 or 9.3. 
Glowing throughout, but a few nitpicks.
Why the 8?

9/10 it has a little something for everyone

Too much water

I'm guessing this was closer to an 8.5 than an 8, but since they changed the 100 point scale an 8 seems like a great score.

Changed it how?
Edit: Just saw. Interesting. Still felt like a 9, in that case.

Now it's just a 10 point scale, from 1-10 with no increments in-between so a game can't score an 8.7 for example, it can just score an 8 or a 9.

They felt it didn't make you truly *feel* like Crash

I mean 8 out of 10 is still a solid score

Not complaining, just some thoughts

[deleted]

It's the Crash bandicoot of dark souls.

These glowing reviews warm my 35 year old heart. So glad to see Crash being so relevant and celebrated again.

I'm almost at the end of the game and I'm starting to feel like it might be the best Crash game ever. And that's not a knock on the originals. It's BECAUSE of the originals that it's so damn fantastic.

It's definitely better than the N Sane Trilogy for sure, the controls are so much more responsive too

Great, thanks for cranking the hype levels up, now the last hours are going to take even longer to end!


How many hours would you say the campaign is?

Most people I've seen said it's like 10 hours just to beat the normal levels, that's not counting any of the n. verted levels or other extra stuff.

The number I've seen floating around is 10-11ish hours if you just play through it normally and don't do any of the optional stuff.

I reckon 8-10 hours, considering it’s so easy to mess up. If you post flawlessly and just run through, it’s likely a lot shorter.

What the hell, it's weird seeing a regular from r/squaredcircle here lol

Hey! Yeah I’ve been making YouTube videos for over a decade now; that’s where the username came from.

Awesome! Glad it's getting such a positive reception. Just curious because I'm planning to get the platinum trophy, how hard are the time trials compared to the ones in the N. Sane trilogy? I took a look at the trophy list and the one for getting all the platinum relics has me a little nervous

Looks like game is good, Polygon said it was too hard and like a 90's platformer, and review scores are good, so it sounds like a pretty good platformer with a reasonable difficulty curve.

awesome

If people start comparing it to Dark Souls...

Then book me a ticket on the “I will die happy having finished this game” train, cause I bloody love the Soulsborne series!

(It’s still a stupid comparison though, critics need to put on their big boi pants or leave another player to do their work while they go back to playing TLOU 2 on game journalist difficulty).

I saw a vid where the devs were talking about how the last level might make people hate them, and I was reminded of the final boss in Sekiro and how, despite the insane difficulty of it the final boss, I still thoroughly loved the game.

If this is up to the quality of any of the last 3 Fromsoftware gamed I'll absolutely love it

Same. If it’s dark souls or Sekiro levels of good, awesome. Bloodborne though... and it might just be in the run for my favourite game of all time spot.

Crash is fucking back.

Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him. 

Our boy is back. 

Crash is the only time I'll say:

Orange man good

A reviewer I do watch Dreamcast Guy gave the game a 9/10 also. Just beware if ye want to watch his review and don't want any spoilers, his footage annoyingly shows a lot of footage not already shown, I just listened to the review with my back turned :p

Games is hard, like holy fuck balls is hard. After first island the game just ups the difficulty to the 11. Million of boxes to find and if you miss one then gg. 

  
Unlocking skins is super annoying, they should have let you get skins depending the numbers of gems you have and not gate them under 6 gems to unlock skin on current level. Because some levels are insanely over stacked with gimmicks just to be there. And if you die more than 3 times, then no gem and no skin. 

Plus there is a level where you need to backtrack which is again, be it crash 2 or 3 then it\`s fine. But not here. I dont know why the Fuck they overturned this game so much it\`s not even fun. 

It makes you frustrating and if you manage to finish the level you dont feel relief you feel - finally this shit has ended. Only to be greeted with Oh shit I need to re do as I missed one box.

This is exactly how I feel about Rayman Legends. Am I the only one who wants Jak and Daxter back??

Still no switch version though 😭

Not yet, The game will 100% be on the Switch in the future

I really hope so, apart from the ps1 I’ve been Nintendo all the way. But crash and Spyro were my childhood games, just can’t justify getting a PS4 for one game though!

Well if your planning on getting a PS5 Crash 4 should be playable on it. I imagine the switch version will be out either in the Summer of Next Year or maybe September 2021 but I'd fully expect to see it on Switch and PC next year

I'd say it will probably be a year or so, just like the other games.

I wouldn't be surprised if it comes later down the line like how they handled the Crash and Spyro remakes

Polygon seems to have a record of giving mediocre reviews.

This game is HARD, but in the best way. There is so much stuff to do and so many collectables that I'll be playing this game for a long time. It has no shortage of content whatsoever. Gems, relics, skins, flashback tapes, an absolute TON of boxes. It's definitely not an easy game, but that is in no way a knock to it. I haven't even finished it yet and it feels like it has the potential to be the best out of the core 4. I always defended Crash 2 and argued that it's hands down the best, but it may be passed after I finish this game. I feel like my ranking right now would be:

1. Crash 2
2. Crash 4
3. Crash 1
4. Crash 3

They're all fantastic games though. So happy to finally have Crash back after so many years.

Seems like a fairly fun platforming romp. Disappointing art direction though. Don't think I'll be giving TfB my money.

Surely the gameplay outweighs the art direction?

Yeah I don't get that reasoning. I personally think the art style looks really good, but even if it didn't I'd rank that pretty low on my list of priorities in terms of what I look for in a platformer

If you haven't any taste, sure. Sadly, I do, however.

The art direction, IMO, is one of the best things about the game. It’s the tedious, cryptic box placement that makes the levels a chore to 100%.

Far too bright, cutesy, and plastic for me. I miss the more boroque contrast.

I’m not saying your opinion is wrong, but can you at least admit it’s subjective? I think a ton of effort has gone into this game and it’s objectively good. Having said that I prefer n sane trilogies art style.

My opinion is subjective, yours is objective. 10-4.

I didn’t mean to come across like that. My opinion is as subjective as yours. Relatively speaking art is always subjective.

It looks 10 times better than NST at least.

Lol, interested in seeing the algebraic equation in how that figure was reached.

