Polygon hate it. Fantastic news.

I’m almost about to cry. Crash is back, baby.

I first came onto this sub in mid June 2016 after the remake news to (unsurprisingly) find a completely dead sub with a few posts here and there about the recently announced remakes. I cannot believe over four years later we’re a day away from the long awaited sequel that’s a critical (and likely commercial) success. Not only that, but the sub is busy with fans both old and new. To see how far he’s come since being dead in 2015 I’m honestly just so ecstatic about it, to think kid me is finally getting the sequel I always dreamed of. And at 23 years old it’s finally real!

IGN’s review made it seem like it would get a 9.2 or 9.3. 
Glowing throughout, but a few nitpicks.
Why the 8?

[deleted]

These glowing reviews warm my 35 year old heart. So glad to see Crash being so relevant and celebrated again.

I'm almost at the end of the game and I'm starting to feel like it might be the best Crash game ever. And that's not a knock on the originals. It's BECAUSE of the originals that it's so damn fantastic.

Looks like game is good, Polygon said it was too hard and like a 90's platformer, and review scores are good, so it sounds like a pretty good platformer with a reasonable difficulty curve.

awesome

If people start comparing it to Dark Souls...

Then book me a ticket on the “I will die happy having finished this game” train, cause I bloody love the Soulsborne series!

(It’s still a stupid comparison though, critics need to put on their big boi pants or leave another player to do their work while they go back to playing TLOU 2 on game journalist difficulty).

Crash is fucking back.

Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him. 

Our boy is back. 

Crash is the only time I'll say:

Orange man good

A reviewer I do watch Dreamcast Guy gave the game a 9/10 also. Just beware if ye want to watch his review and don't want any spoilers, his footage annoyingly shows a lot of footage not already shown, I just listened to the review with my back turned :p

Games is hard, like holy fuck balls is hard. After first island the game just ups the difficulty to the 11. Million of boxes to find and if you miss one then gg. 

  
Unlocking skins is super annoying, they should have let you get skins depending the numbers of gems you have and not gate them under 6 gems to unlock skin on current level. Because some levels are insanely over stacked with gimmicks just to be there. And if you die more than 3 times, then no gem and no skin. 

Plus there is a level where you need to backtrack which is again, be it crash 2 or 3 then it\`s fine. But not here. I dont know why the Fuck they overturned this game so much it\`s not even fun. 

It makes you frustrating and if you manage to finish the level you dont feel relief you feel - finally this shit has ended. Only to be greeted with Oh shit I need to re do as I missed one box.

Still no switch version though 😭

Polygon seems to have a record of giving mediocre reviews.

This game is HARD, but in the best way. There is so much stuff to do and so many collectables that I'll be playing this game for a long time. It has no shortage of content whatsoever. Gems, relics, skins, flashback tapes, an absolute TON of boxes. It's definitely not an easy game, but that is in no way a knock to it. I haven't even finished it yet and it feels like it has the potential to be the best out of the core 4. I always defended Crash 2 and argued that it's hands down the best, but it may be passed after I finish this game. I feel like my ranking right now would be:

1. Crash 2
2. Crash 4
3. Crash 1
4. Crash 3

They're all fantastic games though. So happy to finally have Crash back after so many years.

Seems like a fairly fun platforming romp. Disappointing art direction though. Don't think I'll be giving TfB my money.

